Thanks everyone. I'm Brandon. Um I have
a kind of mysterious talk title, but
I'll explain more about what it I'm mean
by minimum viable CNG. Um because I I
think a lot of the talks haven't really
haven't really defined what what CNG is
even though it's the name of the
conference. Um but my take on cloud
native geo is maps and geospatial as a
primitive on the web. And I'll explain
what I mean by that more. Um, a little
bit about what Protomaps is. Um, it is a
project and a bootstrap company I
started a few years ago. Um, what it
really is for this audience is it is a
cloudnative ecosystem for creating and
publishing web maps. And why do we care
about web maps? Well, there's something
to look at and that is actually really
important for a lot of businesses. If
you want to share your analysis or um
share a raster vector imagery or even
just show dots on a map like you're
trying to like sell houses, you kind of
need to have web maps. And they're
essential for visualization, for
communicating with stakeholders, for
communicating with the public if there's
a disaster, for example, like wildfires
or earthquakes. And why would you want
to use a cloudnative solution here? Um
there's a lot of reasons. Uh for
example, uh cost is one, flexibility,
longevity. Uh we'll get more into
certain examples of why people care
about this later. Um but what protomaps
is is an ecosystem. It revolves around
an open format in the public domain
called PM tiles as well as tooling
around that and a finally a data product
based on open street map. And like I
said, it's open source. It's free
software. It's available for the low
price of $0. Uh so that's something
important which is uh um this isn't
really an ad for proto mapaps because
it's free. So you can go use this. Um
and if you don't like it, then you can
use something else. Anyways, um about
me, um I've been developing cardographic
tools and um tooling around Open Street
Map for 13 years now. Um I started this
project in 2019 and I created a company
around it to sustain the project uh
supported by grants uh supported by
development contracts to do open source
for companies um including Radiant
Earth. Uh so thanks for that.
Um so my sort of take on uh this uh
track of on-ramp to CNG is that for a
cloud native geo to have maximum impact
it needs to lower the barrier to entry
as much as possible. Um that means um in
my opinion just having uh data sets on
like S3 and reading them in the browser
like that is the simplest possible
minimum viable implementation of cloud
native geo.
Um and
sort of extending on that who is the
target audience for CNG and um for a lot
of the people at this conference it is
people that are already geo geo folks
you know people that are experts on
people that know what Gall is um but I
think it could really be so much larger
um really the target audience in my mind
for clan for for client of geo is
basically any developer any front-end
developer who wants to put a map or
geospatial data online. Um, if they know
how to use JavaScript, if they know how
to use like leaflet, map, libre, if they
know how to use JSON or S3, um, teams uh
that want more independence and better
economics than a SAS platform, for
example, can take advantage of cloud
native geo. Um, and most importantly,
developers that are not necessarily an
expert on cloud computing. So they might
be familiar with Typescript and uh
putting uh static sites online but they
aren't necessarily going to know how to
use Kubernetes or how to use Docker or
how to run Linux servers. And I think
that is a large audience like if you
look at companies like Verscell like
they really target this audience um that
is much wider than just people who are
like DevOps experts.
So that's really the like this is the
target audience for protomaps um and
it's all based around object storage. If
you listen to uh to Jed's lightning talk
last night, uh object storage is the key
commodity um in the ecosystem. Everyone,
even front-end developers who do who do
not know how to run a server, they know
how to use S3. And more importantly,
it's vendor neutral and portable. So if
you build something on S3 and for some
reason you can't use it anymore, then
you can move to Azure, you can move to
Scaleway, you can move to something
else. Uh so object storage is the key
tech that makes this all possible.
Um but geo as a primitive on the web um
the idea is that things like JSON files
CSV um are just things you can put on
object storage and this is true of
things like music and video too. Um so I
have this exercise I do in my talks
which is um sort of to raise your hand
if you know how to put HTML on the web.
A lot of people, you know, like if you
want to host a host an HTML page, keep
your hand up. How about CSS,
JSON files, markdown files, you can
publish those. MP3, uh audio to listen
to music, video, you can publish all
those things. How about a post database?
Are you comfortable uh putting that
online? So, raise your hand. Okay. How
about uh CMS like WordPress?
How about a dynamic uh stack API?
How about an elastic search instance?
Okay. And how about web maps? All right.
Some of you maybe you've listened to my
talk already. Um but the entire point of
proto maps is to move web maps from the
right column to the left column. Okay.
So it should make maps and geospatial as
easy as all these other primitives on
the web on the left.
Uh so I'm going to have some examples of
organizations that are using proto
mapaps or PM tiles already. Um one of
the big use cases in is actually in
newsrooms. Uh so NPR has a great
interactive um on USDA gardening zones
that's built using proto mapaps. Um they
serve um these PM tiles for the overlay
data uh these zones um from from S3 um
as well as use a base map.
of the New York Times. Um, if you listen
to Tim's uh talk last night as well, um,
for some of their weather interactives,
um, those are stored as PM tiles, you
can kind of find it out because I
usually like when I see a map on the
web, I like open my console and see like
what requests it's making. So, I can
kind of like figure out like, oh,
they're storing um these polygons as
just PM tiles served from like
CloudFront.
Uh I found this uh cool application by I
believe a um a small shop in Canada um
to do wildfire data and visualize this
over time. And what they do is they add
a temporal dimension in the vector
attributes. So you can do things like uh
scrub um and see wildfires over time.
Um the overturn maps foundation uh the
explore site is powered by an entire set
of large PM tiles archives. So overture
their model is to distribute just pure
data like as geoparet but in order to um
for people to onramp onto overture they
kind of want to see something like a web
app they can interact with and that's
really the point of the explore site and
that's powered purely through an S3
bucket. So there's no dynamic API that
they run in order to make this happen.
Uh so finally uh source cooperative
itself has first class support for PM
tiles archives. So if you upload a PM
tiles archive into a source cooperative
bucket, then you will get a kind of
barebones preview of it um on the site
itself. So that's exactly the kind of
use case that I want to enable with geo
as a primitive on the web.
Um and I know um in the audience at this
conference there's a lot of people that
work on uh file formats. So I wanted to
talk about the design uh the the
trade-offs I made in designing PM tiles
because I think that's pretty
interesting. Uh warning this is like
kind of nerdy. Um so the goals um is
really this minimum viable idea of
reading
data sets directly in the browser and
that involves trade-offs because um
because things like latency or how much
data you're transferring are going to be
affected by where the data lives. And if
you're going all the way from an S3
bucket to the browser with nothing in
between, then you want to make certain
decisions in the format design in order
to minimize like how fast it like how
long it takes for a web map to load on a
website. So PM tiles is a public domain
spec for this particular access pattern
and it's opinionated because it assumes
that what you want is a tile pyramid
that is multi-resolution like overviews.
Um, and it also assumes that you are
doing interactivity, which means you
want to tile the data. You want to clip
to the viewport. And that makes it
inappropriate for a lot of cases related
to analysis. Like for example, you can't
get an accurate count of how many
buildings are in a bounding box based on
overviews because tiles that are
multi-resolution will drop some of those
features as you zoom out. Uh so that's
really a key difference in doing
vector-based tiles versus something like
if you're working with raster geotiffs.
Uh so I have a blog post I wrote on the
CNG blog called uh sort of this idea for
cog for vector. Cog is incredibly
successful in raster land. But um what
is the solution for vector data? Uh, so
tiles in general, um, just outside of PM
tiles in general, if you work with
vector tiles, they're a lossy technique
for lightweight interactive maps. Um,
they're parameal. Um, and really tiles
are necessary to get around problems
like if you're zoomed in on just Los
Angeles and your polygon is all of the
entire boundary of California, you don't
want to download 20 megabytes of
California boundary boundary vertices to
show that because it's slow. Uh, so you
need to do some viewport clipping. Uh so
tiles are not a silver bullet but they
are very good for building interactive
web maps and PM tiles are just a
convenient way to wrap up uh thousands
to even billions of individual tiles
into a single cloudnative archive.
Uh so some differences from cog like why
not just copy the cog design uh for
vector. Um it has a hierarchical
directory structure. So instead of
having one IFD um that could become
quite large, it has uh usually two
levels of directories. So you don't have
to download upfront multiple megabytes
of offsets. Um and the other big part is
it incorporates a run length encoding uh
because uh for vector data you often
have repetitive things. Uh so 70% of the
world's area is ocean and if you are um
storing 70% of your data set as just the
same thing just you know a a blue water
tile uh that's not super efficient. So
there is uh provisions in the in the
design of the format itself made for
made for this run encoding.
Um so at this conference there's
probably a lot of talk about discrete
global grid systems. Uh some of the ones
that are popular um are S2 geometry by
Google um H3 hexagons there's a new one
based on pentagons called A5 as well as
um simpler addressing schemes like being
quad keys um and I think of PM tiles it
is implicitly another uh it's it's
another discrete global grid system uh
that's really just web mercator tiles uh
but it's sort of a blend of um S2 and
Bing quad keys
um it's based on Hilbert curves uh like
like S2. Um I I sort of think of PM
tiles as like S2 for dummies like or or
S2 for like flat earthers because
instead of having a cube of six faces,
you only have one face. Um and it shares
that single 2D uh grid uh like being
quad keys. Um and uh so a key difference
is that tile indexes start at zero and
are contiguous which means you cannot
actually know what level a cell is on
just based on the ID the integer ID. You
have to do some math to figure that out.
Um but the important part is you can
store with this contiguous like these
contiguous uh these integers you can
store 16 zoom levels in a 32-bit
unsigned integer. Um and very
importantly um you can also just use
plain JavaScript numbers. You don't need
to use uh 64-bit big nums. And that's
really important for having a efficient
and compact JavaScript reader. Um the
another important thing is um there's a
lot of uh there's a lot of conversation
about block size and what is the optimal
block size in for example geoparet to do
an operation. Um, one unique property of
a space filling curve is you actually
don't need to decide what size your
blocks are until you read because every
um individual fractal uh edge inside the
Hilbert curve is itself a block. So you
can your um your writer does not need to
be opinionated about how big a block is.
You can let the reader decide that.
Um, another um, part of PM tiles
implementations that is not really part
of the spec but implied is using
compressed bit maps to store sets of
tiles. Uh, because tiles are 64-bit
integers, you can store them as bit
maps. Um, and a project called roaring
bit maps is the preferred implementation
of compressed bit maps. And that means
that an area of interest is simply a
range of integers or a set of ranges.
And this really means that you can store
very large tile sets or sets of integers
um of like over a 100 million tiles in
in like less than 10 megabytes.
Um so some comparisons I ran um I have a
blog post about this which are um if you
want to cover the entire continent of
South America at these zoom levels. Well
you can see if you use like a normal um
hashmap data structure just storing a um
like kind of an array of integer IDs
once you get to about zoom 16 or 17
that's going to cost you like 13 gigs of
RAM. Uh but with compressed bit maps uh
it'll be stored in about 5 megabytes. Uh
so really um anything that uses PM tiles
that's going to work on a large data set
should use compressed bit maps in order
to store a a um a set of of a covering
set of tiles.
Um another um part of the PM tiles
design is the idea of well-ordered
archives or clustering. Um this is
optional but it does reduce the size of
those directories like IFDs and cog by
about twothirds or or like 75%. Um and
the other important part is um it can
also make this archives um always be
deterministic like because if you have a
multi-threaded writer um the order in
which certain operations complete might
not be deterministic but if you if you
cluster the data on the Hilbert tile ID
then you can always be guaranteed that
the ordering of data in the tile section
is the same and this is necessary for
some advanced operations I'll get into
later.
Um, another small thing I want to
mention that I think is a missing
overlooked part of cloud native geo is e
tags. Uh, so what e tags are are a part
of the http spec that is effectively a
content hash uh for what content a a
resource a rest resource is at this
point in time. Um and uh this uh is
important uh to have implementation
support E tags because it lets a a a
cloudnative resource be both be both
cachable and mutable. Um that means if
you overwrite like for example a PM
tiles on S3 with the same URL and part
of it is cached then your your reader
will will know in order to throw away
any cache data. Um, and this is really
uh cool because if you have, let's say,
a data set that updates once a day, you
can completely decouple the compute in
storage. You can have a a batch job or a
spot instance that uploads the um the
tile set to the same key on S3 and then
have a web map point at that same URL
and it will not be broken if you
overwrite that data in place even if
like a viewer is reading it at that same
time. So, E tags um I I don't think a
lot of the other cloudnative formats
have really mature implementations of
this. Um but all of the proto mapaps
maintain PM tiles readers all have um
full eag support.
Uh what about raster PM tiles? Um this
is less interesting because cog is
already everywhere, but you can do it.
Um I just uh published a real PM tiles
raster.io plugin uh that's adapted from
Sean's work on Rio MB tiles. Um, but it
lets you create uh PM tiles from cog.
Uh, it's super easy to install because
of all the hard work done into packaging
raster io and Jall for Python. Um, but
again uh most audiences are probably
probably going to want to use cog. Um,
in some cases if you're building like a
simple web map, then maybe using raster
PM tiles is simpler.
Um, so I'm going to transition now into
a demo of something I launched last
week, which is the PM tiles viewer. Um,
this is an open source front end at the
domain PM tiles io. Oh, let me uh change
my mirroring
change to
choose window.
Cool. This is pmtiles.io.
Um, and what it is is it is a viewer for
PM tiles resources that could be remote
or even local. So, for example, I can
choose a local file on my computer
uh like this PM tiles open map data set
of Wisconsin and I can view it
completely like an interactive map. Um,
almost like a g a GIS application. I can
inspect features for example. um you
know I so I can see um you know this is
a data set a basemap data set built on
OSM
but some of the really cool things I've
just added to this viewer in in the past
month um are um an archive view and a
tile view and I'm going to demonstrate
how that works with um a
120 gigabyte basemap tile set. Uh so
this is like the whole world in 120
gigabytes in one PM tiles file. But
something new you can do is you can use
the archive inspector. Uh what this is
is it's like you're visualizing how PM
tiles works directly inside. So this
table is like is all of the offsets and
ranges and then uh that hierarchical
directory structure is reflected here to
where if you click for example one of
these leaf directories
then you will see on this map all of the
tiles that are addressed there and you
can also zoom in and see how run lengths
are encoded. Uh, so anything that's sort
of this gray Hbert curve is repetitive
data.
And you can even do things like, oh, I
can click down into what is exactly this
tile. That will take me to the new tile
view and then I can uh sort of inspect a
single tile in isolation. This is really
good for debugging problems. And I can
also sort of navigate around um instead
of like a slippy map, I can navigate
like what's the parent tile?
uh what is uh the child tile here? Uh
who are the neighbors? I can I can move
uh you know east, west, south. Um so
anyways uh that's an example of a vector
data set um of the examples I have
pre-loaded. I also have overture places
that's loaded from the overture S3
bucket. Um so you can go to like map
view. Um you can you can sort of you
know use this as your debugging UI. You
could upload your own PM tiles uh to
your own S3 bucket and then just plug it
in and send someone a link to the viewer
and they have this almost like uh
barebones lightweight GIS already uh
where you can like toggle layers. And an
example of uh raster data is um this uh
sample I uploaded. This is actually a
selfie because I'm like standing right
here. Uh I'm standing right here flying
my drone. Um, this I used um I used open
drone map and um the raster io PM tiles
plugin to generate this. Um and it's a
good example of like a really deep zoom
because the individual tiles here uh go
down to like zoom level zoom level like
21. Uh so anyways, um those are the new
features of the PM tiles viewer. I'm
going to transition back to my slideshow
because I'm almost out of time.
uh change
our app
this window.
Cool. Um so other things in the
ecosystem. I'm going to go through this
really quick. There's an open source uh
CLI single binary to install. Uh you can
sort of edit or extract from PM tiles
with it. It works with private buckets.
It has an abstraction over Azure Google
Cloud S3 compatible buckets. Um there's
a way to extract a smaller tile set from
a larger one uh by by spatial bounding
box like an area of interest or even by
zoom level. So if you only wanted let's
say the first 10 zoom levels of a big
archive you can do that with the CLI.
Um for example um how this works is
essentially it follows part of the
curve. like if this is uh my entire
world and I just want uh South Korea,
then I only need to extract a couple of
integer ranges from that larger tile
set. So that's a that's a conceptual
understanding of how extract works. And
overture tiles, of course, um this is an
a totally open source workflow that acts
on overture data once a month. Um it's
all open source on GitHub. It runs on
AWS batch. Um it uses typic with duct db
as well as java programs for some of the
themes. Um and you can run this
yourself. Uh so you can reproduce the
entire visualization of overture at at
the explore site using uh just this code
on github. And you can even download the
entire tile set or even extract part of
it using those tools just for your area
if you wanted to build a web map.
Uh and that's on the overturn maps
documentation site. There's a write up
uh there. Uh so uh what's next? Um I'm
spending a lot of time working on the
OSM based cardographic products. Um
especially things like making it easier
to host, supporting um more languages um
and standard web fonts for map
rendering. Um maybe thinking about uh
new tooling to do more cloudnative uh
tiling um kind of a complement to typic
like something that would read geoparet
and work at larger scale like with data
sets like in the hundreds of gigabytes.
uh thinking about things like arsync
like delta transfers of PM tiles across
clouds. Um if someone wants to talk
about that, I'm excited about it. Uh so
find me if you're interested in any of
these enhancements.
And um here's some links uh if you want
to learn more about it on the web. And
thanks for coming to the talk. I have
time for questions.
Thank you very much. That was
fascinating. I really enjoyed that.
Okay, so we got a couple questions. So
let's get started.
Hi. Uh yeah, great talk. So this is Jeff
from variables. So variables is a big
fan of PMs, right? So so we recently
help uh you know for square place data
set have uh uh generate all this PMs
alongside with with each four square
place uh pi uh release. Uh feel free
guys feel free to to to check out on uh
uh for square website. And I just want
to shout out to uh to the PMtail to the
invention of PMT. I think this is
probably a a revolutionary uh product uh
uh for for the cloud native geospatial
industry because I think there this is
more like a common feedback not a
question. So I think there are two great
potential I see from uh PMEL for cloud
native drill. So first it is a single
single fail archive because look at look
at the tails that you have in the past
those those kind of big tails right so
you have thousands of tens of thousands
or even millions of small tails so those
tails are extremely bad for blob storage
for object store for S3 you won't be
able to upload all those tails to S3 and
then build a tail server on top of that
you need to have a single archive to
accommodate all those tails and secondly
I Think PMTS also opens up uh the
opportunity to enable serverside
rendering. You know right now I think
lots of people when they do visual
visualization for vector data so they
use DEJGL caberjl which is great but
often time they up your your
browser right so but if you you do use
PM tails you can do that through your
server right through lambda through so
duct DB on your on your EC2 machines and
uh you can quickly generate those tails
and uh send that share that with your
with your plant and we can you can view
view those tails through your browser
and uh the overhead is done through the
server side. So I think this a great
great uh product. Yeah, thank you again
for inventing PM. Great. Thanks. I just
want to respond to that. Um and just say
like I think like really the power of
this is that it's an open specification.
Like I like so I maintain some readers
and writers but there's also great work
being done at whereabouts at forsquare
for their own totally separate like
totally separate implementations of PM
tiles. Um, and in terms of the use cases
I target, I think of it as an 8020
solution for, you know, for 80% of the
use cases, like the trade-offs that PM
Tiles makes are good enough. And those
are a lot of the cases I showed, for
example, like the New York Times, NPR, a
lot of tech companies that that want an
alternative to something like Google
Maps. But I think yeah um the power of
having an open spec is that those more
advanced use cases you talked about like
serverside rendering are you know so you
don't need to go buy a license in order
to use this technology and um I'm really
happy to see other derivative file
formats. Someone just let me know that
they built like a um they use the PM
tiles code to build like a client reader
for like ezread VTPKs. So just things
like that are super exciting. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah. Thank you. And I well next
question but a quick comment is that we
often is I've been in GIS since the 80s.
Um and and we always try to solve the
most complex problems and we forget
about the most simple problems and we're
still trying to fix the simple problems
and so this was a great great
presentation. Oh wait then you
thank you. I was just curious uh if you
could talk about a little bit like the
ctography story like styling PM tiles
and possibly filtering and querying the
PM tiles and then you you touched
quickly on like showing attributes that
you might cook into uh a vector sort of
tile. Can you talk a little bit more
about showing information from PM tiles?
Right. So a lot of those features are
really like independent of PM tiles
itself. PM tiles is a container format
um for arbitrary tile data. Now um like
a lot of the work that's been done into
um making like interactive attributes on
um on web maps has been done by Mapbox
or um either their open vector tile
specification which is effectively like
the like the the de facto vector tile
spec as well as projects like mapboxg
and map libre. So, Map Lib is a um a
fork of an earlier version of Mapboxgl
that is kind of going in its own way,
but a lot of the cgraphy and uh styling
are all really um independent of the
container format. Um so, you really want
to see some guides and examples on using
things like map libre, uh leaflet,
dectg. Um those are all, you know, like
mature independent projects. Um but in
terms of what proto mapaps encompasses,
it also does provide
um sort of again an 8020 solution for
open street map base maps as well as
stylesheets for leaflet and map libre to
render those because for uh for
companies or even individuals building
geo projects they so they do need some
solution for just like showing like
context and I think um that's really
kind of a um a demo sort killer app for
the PM tiles format. Yeah.
So can you talk more about how is that I
I get it's cheaper or it's zero. How is
that different from functionality
perspective than felt for example and
then I think you said there it's not for
analysis but for visualization meaning I
can't really compute distances or do any
geoprocessing on it like I can do in
business analyst by EZRI for example. Is
that correct?
That's correct. Yeah. Um, so I'll answer
your question in in reverse. Um, so it's
not good for analysis because once you
have tiled data, it doesn't matter if
it's from a from a geo server or from PM
tiles is like once you have tiles, then
a lot of analysis will break because
because features are duplicated,
features are clipped. So you can't
really do any sort of accurate like
count of things. Um, and I would
recommend um you could use PM tiles as a
visualization complement to something
like geoparet. Um and how is this
different from felt? Um this is um this
is an open source project that's one
level down the stack. Uh so something
like felt um or is a platform um and
that is um felt in fact uses PM tiles
for some of the visualizations because
they store tile sets on S3. Um but this
is more like a core infrastructure for
storing geod data while felt or other uh
SAS products are more like a um a direct
end user focused solution including
things like uh users and collaboration
and integration with data warehouses
that kind of thing
felt also funds the typicanu
that's correct
development of typic so right now the
best-in-class uh kind of tool for
creating vector tiles from arbitrary
data is typic which is maintained by a
developer at felt. Yeah,
one another question. How do I get
there?
Thanks so much. Very very interesting.
Um yeah, I'm pretty out of my depth when
it comes to like
the I was going to say the internet, but
um definitely like front-end internet.
So forgive me if the question is a
little um malformed. Uh but in our work
we have analyses that are done users are
developing analyses based on like let's
just say maybe geoparet data in a python
context and we get a really beautiful
like maps uh out of lawnboard from
parquet uh that work really well in uh a
notebook and we want to also display
those maps like the analysts outputs in
a web browser context and we can do that
by exporting to an HTML where the arrow
data gets like embedded B 64 encoded I
guess into the HTML but those HTML blobs
end up being very large um if there's a
lot of data um and by the time we're
trying to display them we don't need to
be doing any analysis anymore like the
analysis or the formatting has already
happened so um with apologies for not
having a better sense of this field but
I guess I'm wondering have you do you
have any intuition as to whether or not
like that would be a case or I don't
know if you've talked to Kyle at all
about the possibility of like sort of an
export or a dump to PM tiles to create
like a much lighter renderable version
of something that was kind of conceived
in a Python and lawnboard context and if
that question makes sense. Yeah, that
totally makes sense. And and there was
also a talk uh by the carbon plan folks
yesterday about this, but I think they
they had this really good comparison
which is like um PM tiles is like all
the way on towards like you're
optimizing for display while geoparet is
sort of a somewhere in the middle. Um
some of the drawbacks of geoparet is
that um right now there's no real
concept of overviews. So, if you want to
look at it when you're zoomed out, um
you might need to download like 100
megabytes to the browser. And you know,
people say like just zoom in more, just
make the user zoom in more. But in a lot
of um like real product context, like
that's not acceptable to like the, you
know, the people that are controlling
the user experience. And that's really
the motivation for a lot of tiled web
apps. Um, in terms of exporting from a
um, Jupyter notebook context to the web,
um, I think there's like a lot of the
obstacles to doing that are really about
like you need to transition like your
um, your cardographic styles from what's
being done in Jupiter and being wrapped
in Python to something like map libre.
It kind of lives in a different world.
The fundamental tile set problem is more
or less solved. You can use uh things
like uh Google or uh or duct DB to
convert to stream gojson into tippy
canoe and then have a tiled output and
put put it on an S3 bucket. So I think a
lot of the challenges in going from
notebook to publishing on the web are
really more related to like the
front-end rendering library than how to
store um tile sets. But if you have um
some questions about how to do this um
I'm happy to talk about it like you know
like in the hallway or something.
Great. Thank you.